Please process the attached PDF file and generate a CSV output with the following specifications:

    Each row in the CSV should contain the following columns: Year, Term, Area_of_study, Literacy_focus, Numeracy_focus, and SMSC.
    There should be no field that does not contain data.
    There should be 6 entries for each of the following year groups that are present in the PDF: Year 1, Year 2, Year 3, Year 4, Year 5, Year 6, Year 7, Year 8, Year 9, Year 10, Year 11, and any additional year groups present in the PDF.
    Each of the Term fields should contain one of the following values: Autumn 1, Autumn 2, Spring 1, Spring 2, Summer 1, Summer 2.
    The Area_of_study is at the cross-section of the term and 'Area of Study' column in the PDF.
    For year 1 through year 6, for each year group 'Autumn 1', and 'Autumn 2' have the same Area_of_study, 'Spring 1' and 'Spring 2' have the same 'area of study,'Summer 1' and 'Summer 2' have the same 'area of study that is only written once in the PDF.
    Ensure that any field containing commas in the text is enclosed in double quotes to maintain proper CSV formatting.

Here's an example of the CSV format I expect (between """ and """):
"""
Year,Term,Area_of_study,Literacy_focus,Numeracy_focus,SMSC
Year 7,Autumn 1,"What is history?: Historical skills, Chronology, Timelines, Types of Evidence, Reliability.","Use of evidence in writing.","Understanding chronology. Understanding how to work out the century of a year.","Social and Cultural: Understanding different perspectives."
Year 7,Autumn 2,"The Romans: Invasion, Army, Boudicca, Towns, Everyday Life.","Explaining cause and consequence through writing.","Understanding how Saxons, Vikings and Normans fit into the chronology of Britain.","Spiritual, Social and Cultural: Understanding the impact of different cultures on Britain in terms of language, religion and shared history."
Year 7,Spring 1,"Saxons, Vikings and Normans: Why the Saxons/Vikings came to Britain and what they changed, The 1066 Crisis, The Norman Conquest, What the Normans changed, controlling Britain.","Making historical comparisons through writing.","Understanding the chronology of medieval English kings.","Spiritual, Moral and Cultural: Understanding historical gender roles, church and state, religious conflict, rights of citizens."
"""
Please ensure that the output follows this format and that each field is accurately extracted from the PDF. Please check that the output is valid CSV data and every row has 6 cells.



